Update Daml Shell docs with filter/export functionality (#660)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.9.0/docs/tools/daml-shell/index.rst

.. enterprise-only::

Daml Shell (``daml-shell``)
###########################

Daml Shell is a terminal-based application that enables you to inspect a
Daml ledger by connecting to a live PQS datastore. With Daml Shell, you
can examine current or historical states of the ledger by querying
ledger events, transactions, and contracts. The Daml Shell CLI includes
extensive help via the ``help`` command.

Some of the actions that Daml Shell supports are:

-  Find a specific contract and display it. For example, if you have a
   contract ID, you can use Daml Shell to inspect the corresponding
   contract using the ``contract`` command.
-  Find all events related to a transaction ID. A transaction is
   displayed as a series of ledger events (creates, archives, and
   exercises).
-  Auto-completion for identifiers such as contract IDs, fully qualified
   names, and package IDs.
-  List active, inactive, or all contracts for a template using a
   template FQN.
-  Apply queries and filters to commands to manage the output.
-  Use the ``compare-contracts`` command to highlight the delta between

>    two contract IDs for the same template.

Author: The formatting changes are due to upstream conversion from markdown to rst

To bound a search, specify a minimum and maximum offset value.

Daml Shell leverages PQS as its datastore and connects using JDBC. For
more information, see

> :ref:`configuration`

Author: I've changed this link to point to the Daml Shell connection configuration. The flags follow the same naming scheme, but are different (e.g. some values have a prefix in PQS while they do not have one in Daml Shell)

   ║ Result       ║ 00a8753f0ccbc503ab393dae99d7ca982b15f1429b61739c03dad299d123f21e5aca02122090c1f0e10da810f4ee1a961a91701863dd22f9f360f676725540929069cee17e ║
   ╙──────────────╨────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╜

Transforming and exporting command output
*****************************************

You can convert tabular output to CSV by piping it through the ``csv``
filter:

::

   > active PingPong:Ping | csv

You can then write this output to a file by piping it through the
``export`` filter:

::

   > active PingPong:Ping | csv | export ~/my_pings.csv

> The ``export`` filter will write any command output to the specified
> file. You can use it without the ``csv`` filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``export`` filter writes any command output to the specified
file. You can use it without the ``csv`` filter.
```
